---
title: "MEDB 5505, Introduction to R, Module01, Homework"
---

### Assignments, due start of week 3

#### Hw01. Adapt a small program to run on your computer.

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Download the following files

+ [p01-small-program.Rmd](https://github.com/pmean/classes/blob/master/introduction-to-r/src/p01-small-program.Rmd) 
+ [two-small-dataframes.RData](https://github.com/pmean/classes/blob/master/introduction-to-r/data/two-small-dataframes.RData)
  + For more details about this file, refer to [two-small-dataframes-data-dictionary](https://github.com/pmean/classes/blob/master/introduction-to-r/data/two-small-dataframes-data-dictionary.yaml).

Store the R program in a src directory and the data in a data directory somewhere on your computer. Modify the code so that you are listed as the author. Run the program and submit it as a PDF file.
 
+ If there are errors or warnings in your output, make your best effort to fix them, but getting anything to run, even something with error messages will be sufficient for this very first homework assignment.

Submit your work [here]()

#### Discuss01. Introduce yourself

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

Tell us about yourself. What degree program you are in, why you are taking this class, and what you are hoping to do when you graduate.

Optionally, include a picture of yourself and tell us about one of your hobbies.

Submit your comments [here](https://umkc.instructure.com/courses/65169/assignments/279189).

#### Quiz01

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

You can download a Windows, Mac, or Linux version of R.

+ True
+ False

Documentation can help, even if you do not share your program with anyone else.

+ True
+ False

In an Rmarkdown file, R commands can go:

+ in the header
+ in a code chunk
+ in either location.
