---
title: "MEDB 5510, Clinical Research Methodology, Module01, Homework"
---

### Assignments, due start of week 3

#### Hw01. Create a title page for your project

Graded: 6 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Select a research project that you might be interested in working on and give it a title. Don't worry too much about the content of the project at this point in time. Just pick something that you are familiar and comfortable with.

Find the document "Guide to Formatting Theses and Dissertations" on the UMKC website and review the requirements. Create a title page for your project. Please follow the thesis guidelines to the letter. On a second page, include a one of the following two sentences:

+ "I do give permission for my teacher to use an anonymized version of this assignment as an example for future classes" or 
+ "I do not give permission for my teacher to use an anonymized version of this assignment as an example for future classes"

Your grade will not be influenced by whether you give permission or not.

Convert your document to PDF format and submit it on Canvas.

Grading rubric:

+ Margins and spacing
  + Unsatisfactory (0 points) No serious attempt made to use required margins and spacing.
  + Marginal (1 point) Major deviations from the required margins and spacing.
  + Satisfactory (2 points) Only one or two minor departures from required margins and spacing.
  + Outstanding (3 points) No deviations from the required margins and spacing.

+ Fonts and capitalization
  + Unsatisfactory (0 points) No serious attempt made to use the required fonts and capitalization.
  + Marginal (1 point) Major deviations from the required fonts and capitalization.
  + Satisfactory (2 points) Only one or two minor departures the required fonts and capitalization.
  + Outstanding (3 points) No deviations from the required fonts and capitalization.

Note that you will not be graded on the content, just on the formatting (margins, spacing, fonts, and capitalization).

Submit your work [here]()

#### Discuss01. Introduce yourself

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

Tell us about yourself. What degree program you are in, why you are taking this class, and what you are hoping to do when you graduate.

Optionally, include a picture of yourself and tell us about one of your hobbies.

Submit your comments [here]().

#### Quiz01

Graded: 10 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Unless otherwise specified, all questions are True/False.

+ I am expected to participate in discussion as part of this class.
Group of answer choices

+ It does not matter what kind of email address I use to communicate with the instructor in this course.

+ I can still earn points for assignments that are turned in late.

+ My name should be part of the file name for anything that I send to Dr. Simon.

+ The two major projects are writing a literature review and a methods section for a research topic that I choose.

+ The required textbook for this class is:
  + Gliner, Morgan, and Leech
  + Sim and Wright
  + Hulley et al.
  + Portney and Watkins
  
+ I will not need to use Canvas for this course.

+ It's okay to disagree with someone else on the discussion board, as long as you critique the ideas rather than the person, and you are respectful and constructive.

+ It is okay to wait until the last week of the semester and then submit all of my work.

+ I have read and understood the information contained in the syllabus.